# Mentor Feedbacks
The Mentor Feedbacks document will keep a record of the feedback from mentor in each weekly mentor meetings for team members to generate valuable insights and making adjustments & future planning for the project

### Feedbacks - 26 March Meeting
1. Sharing of project detail information.
2. A periodic(can be weekly) mentor meeting should be scheduled with a time agreed upon all team memebr and mentor's availability, serve as a stand-up meeting. The current scheduled time is 5-6pm every Tuesday, may be subject to change.
3. Product owner needs to share the file sent by mentor with all team members.
4. We should not try to contact the client by ourselves, communication between client and the team should be done though mentor to schedule client meetings.

### Feedbacks - 9 April Meeting
1. Personas should be changed to make them more presentable, the current persona is too wordy, and it's hard for reader to see the important points by the first look. Adding more charts or graphs will be a good approach to make the persona more presentable.
2. The attendance of the weekly meeting is not ideal, since this is a stand-up meeting which mentor need to record, all team members should try to attend the meeting, need to allocate a different time if most teammates find it hard to attend the current meeting time schedule.
3. All documents in each sprint should be living documents, no need for folder such as Sprint1 or Sprint2 folders.
4. The responsibilities and roles need to be documented in a clearer way.
5. Mentor will try to get team the access to RUBY, and will contact the development team to ask for a test version of the platform for team research purposes.

### Feedbacks - 16 April Meeting
1. Mentor said that we should make a document for retrospective and it should contain the collaboration and participation of all 10 members
2. Mentor mentioned that we could have an event for ice-breaking
3. Mentor mentioned we need to share our outcomes with her and ask her for the resources and help we need
4. Mentor pointed that Hao cannot be scrum master and product owner at the same time, so we need to find another product owner
5. Mentor mentioned that we should turn on our camera when meetings

### Feedbacks - 23 April Meeting
1. We can use AI tools such as Midjourney to help with visualization and generate images that are highly relevant to the options.
2. Mentor prefers visual solutions and matrix table solutions.
3. Mentor agrees that our solution 1 can be used in the design of sprint3.
4. It is recommended to present the Solution 2 in the form of a flow chart by using Figma so that customers can better understand it.
5. For low-fidelity prototypes, it is recommended to use a hand-drawn effect and annotate the function of each interface element.
6. Overall recognition of the proposed ideas and suggestions to continue improving the details.